:book: update readme to improve getting started (#207)
replicatedhq/replicated: README.md

```

### Getting Started

You can use the replicated CLI command (i.e. `$ replicated --help`). 

#### (Pre-requirement) Config the CLI to have access to the Replicated Vendor portal 

> To use the CLI you need a user Token to connect. You can create one by click on `New User API Token` into your 
> [Account Settings](https://vendor.replicated.com/account-settings). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use the CLI you need a user API Token to connect. You can create one by clicking on `New User API Token` in your 
[Account Settings](https://vendor.replicated.com/account-settings). 
```

Then, you can set the following environment variable to avoid passing it as an argument to each command

```shell
$ export REPLICATED_API_TOKEN=<Your new User API Token>
```

#### Now, let's check an example

> We will check all Applications available as its distribution channels:

Reviewer: I think I see what you mean here.  This may be a better change?

```suggestion
We will check all Applications available and their distribution channels:
```

> We will check all Applications available as its distribution channels:

Reviewer: See my other suggestion below since I think that is more relevant

To list the applications available run `replicated app ls`, i.e.:

```shell
$ replicated app ls  
ID                             NAME     SLUG              SCHEDULER
2FOfwth3fHauBqCvsZ1OaBAr7MU    test     test-rodent       kots
2FOvdw6IR0oewVPVCcmH12tSRoL    nginx    nginx-sheepdog    kots
```

Then, to check the channels run `replicated channel ls --app <Your APP SLUG OR ID>`, i.e.:

```shell
$ replicated channel ls --app 2FOfwth3fHauBqCvsZ1OaBAr7MU
ID                             NAME        RELEASE    VERSION
2FOfwru7Rq1plkqyZFLH6MLR1fk    Stable      1          0.0.1
2FOfwu2zcDbqR24BVPSjjnkVwIe    Beta        1          0.0.1
2FOfwreTFbmkXtf9bukwh8s1ewb    Unstable    1          0.0.1
```

> > **Notes:**
> > - If you do not export the environment variable above then, you must inform your User API token via the flag `--token e8d7ce8e3d3278a8b1255237e6310069`
> > - You can also, set via environment variable your app slug or ID (i.e. `export REPLICATED_APP=2FOfwth3fHauBqCvsZ1OaBAr7MU`). So that, the above 
> command would be simply `replicated channel ls`.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Notes:**
> - If you do not export the environment variable above then, you must pass your User API token via the flag `--token <Your new User API Token>`
> - You can also, set via environment variable your app slug or ID (i.e. `export REPLICATED_APP=<Your APP SLUG OR ID>`). So that, the above 
command would be simply `replicated channel ls`.

```
